are we gonna do a on mate to say that
we're sandwich snow right quick in that
cabin
Leon small world eh well see that the
president's equipped his daughter with
ballistics to how rude and I don't
believe there's any relevance with my
figure and my standing for you oh excuse
me your highness perhaps the young lady
might want to introduce herself first
before asking someone whose name her
name's Ashley Graham the president's
daughter is she well you know don't
worry she's cool man never mind there's
supposed to be some kind of obvious
symptom before you turn into one of them
anyway look Ashley upstairs okay it's
game time
I your him amigo
looks like they're backing off so what
do we do now the bridge I cross to get
here is out so I guess we have no choice
but to keep moving I forgot something
you guys go on ahead Louis
looks like this is it oh it stinks sure
does no way Leon way are you out of your
mind I knew you'd be fine if you landed
on your butt you what is this time let's
go